The implementation we're currently using is absolutely fine.
It opens to modal but we could also add another way of using our model.
We get access to it here in code in our javascript code and it's always important to remember that what
you get here is a full javascript object the javascript object representing this Dom node and this object
can be used to set the attribute.
We could also set classes there.
We could even remove it from the Dom and since it is object it is an object based on our class here.
This isn't the any object that was generated for us by the browser.
It has all the default properties of a critical element which we extend here and it has its default
methods and actually it set attribute is just a default method of every age html element.
And since we extend age html element here our own modal object also has set attribute available.
But this means that if we add any new properties or methods in our class we can also access these from
outside and therefore one thing we could add here is an open method.
Now please note that I did not add an underscore at the beginning here because I don't want to market
is as private.
It should indeed be accessible from outside and what I do in here is here I add some code to show my
modal.
And again this could be the code we use here before or I set my attribute
inside here.
Now what this allows me to do with this open method added is that I go back to my index age html file
and instead of setting the attribute here which I absolutely can do I can call open here on my modal
object because I just added this open method.
And if you're wondering why I would do it like this.
Well I can abstract complexity away from my main document from me as a component user and manage it
inside of my component.
Now obviously the complexity is not very large here but if we were adding different elements or anything
like that then all we have to do outside is call open and we do all the magic inside of this open method
inside of our component.
So this is not a strictly better approach than setting the attribute manually as we did before outside
of the component.
It's just an alternative an alternative of which you should be aware.
And actually it's perfectly fine to handle both cases.
The case that we add open manually from outside or that we call open and you do find built in elements
where you can call a method to something or where you can call a method from outside to do something.
Now with this adjusted I can reload my page and still open a modal because it has still the same mechanism.
Still the open attribute gets added but now we're not doing this manually with our own code.
We're calling open outside instead.
And this is just one alternative.
I wanted to show you here.
Also be aware that you can not just call methods from outside.
If you had some public properties so any other properties like let's say this is open and you set this
to fault initially and we change this to true here
then you can access this from outside too.
So now we have is open here and now after calling my lob open if I console log modal is open here from
outside my component you will see that if I opened a console and a reload and I click this button we
see falls here because I should set it to true in open and not leave it at as follows.
Huzzah.
Let's give this another try.
Reload.
Now we see true here.
So we Canales access properties from outside our component and we might have some useful information
there which we now can extract and use programmatically from our main document from our main application
logic which would be this one and which we still manage inside of our model.
Now a little side note if we do ex post this is open formation.
Then we all of a sudden need to re add our attribute changed callback not changed the styles here but
certainly change.
This is open to true here and on the other hand if we don't have that open attribute we want to change
is open to falls here.
By the way we can get rid of that outer check.
We can always check for the existence of this attribute.
Even if this attribute change callback was triggered due to the change in some totally different attribute.
So now this is still the optional just to show you that you can access properties from outside too.
But now we have this extra functionality added where we can always access this information to through
this public property.
Now with this is open property ex post we can actually enhance our logic out here and we can check that
if this button gets clicked we only want to open a modal if modal is open is not true.
So if this is not true hence an exclamation mark at the beginning.
Otherwise we don't have to call open because it already seems to be open.
Not sure how we could click this but if we did something fishy while then we would block this.
So here I can show console log opening
and now have a reload with the opening here.
But now if I hacked this and I manually removed the backdrop now I all of a sudden can click this button
again.
But now you will see if I do so we don't see opening again because of this extra check.
So now we have does extra check which is a little bit useful here but it's easy to imagine several components
where you would need to get some information from inside to prevent strange logic from running outside.
So in your main application and then public properties like is open can be very helpful.